it's not a walkthrough place will reduce
anything like that and choose me playing
against badly written see what okay then
this is jump man on the atari 8-bit
thanks to mark UK retro games for
lending me there I've never heard of
this I know nothing about it at all
certainly never played it never seen it
ain't got a clue start how do you start
I don't know come on give us a clue I
want to push some so you've got like
help start select option + reset and to
start the game you don't push start you
push select I find that odd okay we get
press option key yeah absolutely one I
hope it's easy
a light sound I always say that because
you know what I almost always liked the
found this is cute he jumps as well yay
wish you would come
my god his skull made of eggshell that
was a tiny little it's a step how did he
go downstairs so he can he can do that
but if you step off what is it was
he must have some real balance issues
but he can go up ladders and you can
jump from a thing like this but if he
steps off he dies that's really weird
come again you're having a la oh I'm
gobsmacked what the hell survivor jet
jump often sounds too much like my phone
yeah
what can I possibly say about this I
don't really want to do that all that oh
you missed me no no yeah bugger
come on just one more bit to get to the
next level please I mean that would have
been shameful playing a game like this
on easy and not not even getting up the
first level robots yay
is that robot I and II knife young
whatever oh that's a funky-looking robot
hello Wow okay I wasn't expecting that
though he's a complete worst in certain
areas and probably would kill himself
stepping off his own doorstep he can
kind of change direction in midair or
something weird yeah I think practice
would make this extremely playable you
gotta be in exactly the right place on
the ladders to knock Oh died oh crap
yeah that's just gonna kill him isn't it
nah about falling down stairs am I still
I'm still alive
Oh
oh come on up that up man get up there
now am I gonna get oh oh come off run
yeah
hmm there are aspects of this that I
find flawed but ultimately I am finding
this enjoyable Hugo's of this so you get
used to the I will call them
idiosyncrasies rather than stupid design
choices once you get used to all of
those things and you know how not to
kill yourself it's really quite good
that's not what I wanted to do that's
what I wanted to do will do that and
that and then we'll come down here that
way this almost looks like I know what
I'm doing doesn't it oh don't go down
you Burt what are you doing no no oh ok
get you twit
oh alright this is probably not the
right way to do it then oh oh oh what's
he doing oh my god oh oh I like that oh
my and it all falls down that cool
all right yeah my initial impression was
not good but by the time I got to the
end of it I really like that jump man on
the atari 8-bit by was it epics someone
like that that's fun that's really good
mmm thanks to mark UK retro games for
lending me this and thank you for
watching
you